Fixed issues reported by Sreekanth (#2362)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/fts/pages/fts-creating-index-from-UI-difference-between-classic-quick-editor.adoc

= Difference between Classic Editor and Quick Editor

> To perform a Full Text Search, you can create indexes using the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform a Full Text Search, you can create indexes using one of the following methods:
```

Author: Updated
